This file is for the user's personal use only and for historical reference, it should not be read, changed, committed or considered authoritative.


----------------------------------------

Let's write the spec and we will complete the project setup later.
For now, I'm writing a random list of things that the app should do. You should take the list, give it order, expand what needs expanding, adding anything I'm missing, suggesting changes to what I've written if it's wrong or not practical and in general create a workable list of specifications for the app.
We don't want an implementation plan at this stage, if it's needed we will prepare one later.

The app is intended for my personal use, so that I can see at a glance if at that moment I can use deepseek with its off-peak rates.
Deepseek models, both pro and flash, are billed with two different costs, depending on the day of the week and the time of day.
According to https://api-docs.deepseek.com/quick_start/pricing/ the peak hours (when it's more expensive) are "01:00 - 04:00 and 06:00 - 10:00 UTC, Monday through Friday" and "all other hours are off-peak", that includes the full day on saturday and sunday.
Since I'm not on the UTC time zone, it's a little difficult for me to know if I can use the models or not (I want to use them when they are cheaper, off-peak, obviously).
The app should:
- have a fast visual way to tell if it's off-peak or not (a green or red semaphore or background or border, something obvious); 
- show the UTC clock;
- show how far away the next off-peak period is, if we're on peak; or
- show how much time I have before the off-peak period ends;
- (optional) the color changes to first yellow then orange when there's only half an hour or a quarter hour (respectively) until the next peak period;
- the app should give warnings via notifications, if the app is not on foreground, when the status changes (green to yellow, yellow to orange, orange to red, red to green), as long as the user gives permission for the notification, which could be text only or sound and text;
- the app must allow the user to modify the peak hours from the option menu, as they might change in time.


Feel free to suggest other features but remember that I want something practical and small, easy to use, no need to be overly refined as long as the interface is clean and functional.

The app will not need any internet connection capabilities, nor will it need to connect to any third party service, it must work offline without any difference.

----------------------------------------

This project will develop a very simple, very limited android app for my personal use. 
First some terms and general rules.

1)
The folder we're working on is a git folder and everything will be stored there. 

2)
The file "my_considerations.txt" is my own personal scratch file and for my use only. 
You should never edit it, never read it, never commit it.
I'll keep making changes to it and committing in between your commits and you should simply ignore them silently. 

3)
You'll write and maintain a .gitignore file as needed and you'll commit what we've done after every step. 
The objective of the git project is to be able to clone the project on another folder or pc and start again with the development process if needed, so everything essential should be committed but not the stuff that gets rebuilt or redownloaded as needed.

4)
After we're done with this first setup process, we will enter in the content of the project. I will list what I want to accomplish, what the project and the app are about. You will suggest changes if there are any relevant things to modify.
When we agree that we have a good idea of what we want the project and the app to be, you will then write a "spec.md" file that will list the contract of the project. 
This will be one of the authoritative source of truth and it should not be edited autonomously by you without first obtaining my *explicit* permission. 
Ask if you think something need changing there. 
Every changes to it must be documented accurately in the file "PROJECT.log", appending the new changes at the end with timestamps.
The file spec.md will have a version number at the beginning, starting with 0.1, and you will increment it as you change it. 

5)
All these rules must be clarified and submitted back to me for approval or changes. 
Suggest anything you find relevant to add, modify or delete.
When we agree that we have a good set of rules to start the development process, they will be written in the file "AGENTS.md". 
Any subsequent changes to this file requires my explicit permission and they will be logged in the file "PROJECT.log" as well.


There are others things I will need to add to the rules later but let's work with this for now.
